It's 9:00 a.m. in greater China. You're
watching the China show. I'm Annabelle
Drooers live at Consensus Hong Kong
where we'll be hearing from some of the
most important voices in the crypto
industry and digital finance.
>> Good morning and I'm David. We're
counting down to the open markets in
Hong [music] Kong, Shanghai, and in
Shenzhen. Let's get to your top stories
today. Emerging market stocks nearing
record levels. That's despite losses on
Wall Street [music] following weak
retail spending data out of the US. The
dollar is down for a [music] fourth day.
Speaking of the other side too, that
coin is the offshore currency. The
offshore remmbb holding on to gains
ahead of China's January [music]
inflation numbers due out this hour
expected to show slower consumer price
growth and persistent deflation [music]
for producers. and AI name Storm into
the Msei benchmark for Chinese stocks as
traders digest the tech technologies
potential [music]
as a disruptor across industries. We'll
look at the impact on these new
additions and those being removed.
[music]
>> [music]
>> Well, Dave, we're here for Consensus
Hong Kong. This is one of the biggest
crypto events on the calendar in Asia
each year. Back in the city for a second
year. We've just had the dragon dance
starting actually behind me. I'm not
sure if you can hear that, but this is
actually really great timing because of
course, Bitcoin prices trading around
that 70,000 level. Okay, big question of
course is is that real whale activity
we're seeing or what is the appetite
from institutional investors on that
institutional side as well just to note
quickly we do have Tom Farley the
bullish exchange CEO coming up at the
bottom of the hour so a really great
interview to listen out for
>> absolutely yeah I mean speaking of right
we need more of the bulls perhaps less
of the lions these days as we move into
of course the year of the horse there we
go Tom Farley will be joining us as
Belle is pointing out at those times on
the screens we'll be back with Belle in
a moment there very brief look at
markets where it's it's really well for
for one uh public service reminder the
Japan cash markets are shut you are
getting futures though continuing to
move to the upside 58,000 now on nicke
futures Korea shaking off the early
weakness 410 to 1% all things equal we
are better S&P futures also actually now
oh there we go uh pointing to uh
pointing to the upside uh let's have a
look at where we are as far as the macro
picture is concerned we mentioned the
weak retail sales numbers All roads are
leading to the jobs print on Friday.
When you look at what uh the rates
markets are telling us around the Fed's
path uh this year, it's closer to three
than we are closer to two cuts.
Currently, dollar weaker for a fourth
day. Uh the other thing we want to point
out is of course when you have US bond
futures on a yield basis we're now I
think close if not at one month lows on
10-year yields and we are getting this
follow-through effect on lower yields
just about across the Asia Pacific into
today. We talked about Bitcoin more in
that 70,000 sub that on Bitcoin prices
right now big move up overnight on the
golden dragon index. So we're looking at
this tech rally. I think we're now going
on three or even four days depending on
the benchmark you're tracking. Um, Ray
Reliance, uh, China AMC, we're looking
at that. That's basically an a tech ETF.
Uh, reason we're looking at that as well
is we have the AMC CEO joining us, uh,
in a couple of minutes. So, stay tuned
for that interview. Alibaba,
RinBrain, uh, is the is the new
open-source model that they put out as
well. As you can see, outperformed
Pierce uh, overnight, outperforming the
benchmark specifically overnight.
Speaking of the benchmark going into the
session today, uh, so we talked about
bond yields and I should just mention
too, uh, we're now closer to 1.8% to the
downside. We looking to maybe test that
as well. We'll talk more about this
interesting story perhaps more to do
with a stronger currency and where we're
at at 691 690 than we are uh really as a
reflection of inflationary pressure. So
we'll put those three data points and
trends together. uh a stronger CGB
market, a stronger currency and perhaps
still a lack of inflationary pressures
for you uh in a moment there. But yes,
the approach to the open today is one
and we are looking at some upside likely
to see that play out uh in the
pre-markets. We'll get that to you in
about 15 or so minutes from now as far
as the pre-markets in Hong Kong are
concerned. Okay. Um let's talk about
disruptions in AI and tech, right? So
we've moved beyond just the market
bubble conversations and market
iterations of this on the AI trade right
so if you heard about it right so last
week it was insurance you had software
um and overnight the latest one was
wealth management right phasing AI
disrupting you saw the market reaction
overnight this tool uh aimed at creating
tax strategy sparking this just selloff
uh really catching investors blindsided
here uh the fear that the business could
uh be at risk from Automated Advice.
Let's bring in our equities reporter,
Stephan Hughes, joining us from Toronto
uh today. Stephanie, thank you for
joining us and taking the time. I know
it's it's getting quite late for you,
but yeah, take us through the market
reaction and why we saw it.
>> That's right. So, wealth managers on the
biggest wealth managers on the S&P 500
have been absolutely getting crushed
today and it's because they're the
latest sector being caught in the
crosshairs of that AI disruption that
you just described. But interestingly,
it's be it's coming from this company, a
tech startup that not a lot of people
have actually heard of called Altruist.
And they uh announced that they were had
developed a an AI tool that is capable
of um helping out uh financial advisors
in the wealth management industry with
things like uh developing these
personalized strategies for their
clients, creating payubs, um accounts,
what what have you. So that's really uh
analysts are really connecting that
potential disruption to the selloff in
major names are seeing uh like your
Raymond James, Charles Schwab and LPL
Financial and Ultruist is also an
interesting company because uh some of
the executives like CEO Jason Wink and
the CFO do have experience in these
investment management firms. So they
combine that knowhow with the AI uh uh
technology and then all of a sudden you
have uh just this ripple being cast
across the space. Uh so some analysts
are saying that this is directly tied to
the disruption. And others are saying
that the sell-off is overblown, that
people are just going to trust humans
with their money. Maybe not AI, but you
can't deny the size of the declines
you're seeing in the names I just
mentioned.
>> Yeah, that's what I wanted to ask about
cuz it's interesting as you know,
Charles Swab, for instance, is the only
one of those companies that has a sell
rating on it. So what are you hearing
from from investors or traders and and
do you think that there's likely to be
any sort of dip buying then if people
are thinking maybe this is just a
knee-jerk move?
>> It's quite possible. Yeah. And that
knee-jerk move has been pretty sizable.
So Charles Schwab and um and LPL
Financial those uh names uh like you
mentioned they don't really have a lot
of sell ratings. Uh they're pretty much
held in high regard. Uh but those names
have been down by uh over 7% and over 8%
respectively just today. Those are their
biggest declines since April when the
market route was dealing with uh the
wake of the liberation day tariffs. Uh
similarly with Raymond James that fell
by nearly 9% today which had been its
biggest drop since March 2020. That was
the onset of the pandemic. So uh again
you're you're watching uh these analysts
kind of grapple with whether uh this is
overblown. Uh we did hear from an
analyst at Raymond James say that it was
in fact overblown. Uh but you're seeing
it with other sectors as well. You
mentioned the insurance space, the tech
selloff last week. So I think it's a
matter of or it seems like it's a matter
of traders uh deciding who's on the
right side of the AI disruption while
they're whether they're the ones who are
bringing the tools to the market or
they're actively being disrupted by the
AI tools coming to the market.
and and Stephanie I guess you know we a
lot of us know about the the adverse
reaction in equity markets you know talk
to us about the insurance sector you
know software and anthropic and you know
I wonder how that story has sort of just
evolved uh since that point in time and
markets were caught off guard by that
>> yeah that's right so yeah I was looking
at the insurance brokers uh that market
reaction yesterday as well so what
happened there was there was another
tech company called insurify what they
created this AI powered tool that allow
allowed uh users to compare auto rates,
auto insurance rates pretty much
immediately. So uh that really impacted
the insurance brokerages including
William uh Towers Watson which fell by
12% on Monday in uh in American markets.
Biggest drop since November 2008. Uh
then Arthur J. Gallagher that was
another double digit decline with the
10% drop uh biggest since March 2020.
AON plc that's another one dropped by 9%
that was the biggest one since April. So
it's it's really casting a ripple across
uh different sectors. There was also the
anthropic um uh tech selloff last week
that also affected uh markets that or
sectors that you wouldn't immediately uh
expect like legal services like um data
services uh in Canada. We also had
Thompson Reuters and PMX Group, the
exchange operator uh with its own data
uh services firm or offshoot of the
business being deeply impacted. So, it's
tough to tell what's going to be uh
disrupted or impacted next. Uh and then
whether there's going to be dip buying
to kind of uh whether it's a short-term
kind of reaction uh remains to be seen.
Um and we'll see what the market
reaction ends up being. But uh yeah, it
seems like a lot of these massive moves
are being tied to just simply a new tool
being developed and u announced
>> there. There we go. Stephanie,
fantastic. Thank you for that rap for
us. Uh I know it's getting late.
Stephanie, he's there, of course, our
equities reporter for Bloomberg users.
By the way, uh the iteration really
personally for me. Ask me, check it out.
Um it's really changed the way at least
I approach my my day. Speaking of AI and
positive disruptions, right? Okay. Well,
speaking of staying on topic here,
Alibaba debuting AI model here that can
help robots and other devices perform
real world tasks, taking yet another
step towards this eventual goal of
leading multiple AI spheres. Let's bring
in Minman Law, our China correspondent
with that big story. Babo was up
overnight. It's indicated higher as we
approach the open today. Tell us about
this. So this is a new AI model called
Renbrain and it helps robots to
interpret and engage with the physical
environment, understand space and time
and to carry out actual tasks. So I was
watching the demo video that Alibaba had
put up online and you can see the robot
you know one of the task it was able to
do was to look at a sink that has many
different things right dishes and cups
and what have you and it's able to help
you pick them out and organize them into
the correct piles. And it I mean it
sounds like a very simple task but it
actually has many many different steps
right it's very intuitive for a human to
do it but for a robot when it gives it
when you give it an instruction it
really have to break it down right like
how far away are you from the sink uh
you know to stretch your hand and then
it has to identify what's in the sink
and then it has to figure out okay then
how far how much does it have to stretch
its fingers to pick up a bowl for
example and after it lifts it up where
does it put it so there's many many
steps involved uh And Alibaba has
managed to train this uh to come up with
this new model that is built upon its Q1
vision language model and it says it has
been able to achieve state-of-the-art
results when benchmarked against uh the
likes of Gemini's and uh uh Nvidia's
robotics AI model as well.
>> Yeah, Min, I think it it sort of seems
straightforward that idea of operating
in a real world environment, but it's
really anything but. On the software
side, this has been sort of one of the
points of weakness in with for China
versus the US, but of course a lot more
strengths in hardware. So what does the
the the gap look like now between the
states and China?
>> Yeah, I mean if you look at a demo
video, the the robot still his movement
is like is quite slow and choppy. So
it's still a long way away. Definitely a
human can do it far better. I mean if
you look at the competition between US
and China um Alibaba claims it's it's
performing as well as other western
companies including Nvidia's uh robotics
AI model. Um, and you have many, you
know, this is the physical AI umbrella
has been a key pillar of China's 15th
5-year plan, right? And they're pouring
so much investment and money to grow
this sector. And arguably, China
probably is in fact ahead of the US when
it comes to commercialization of things
like humanoid robots, right? It's not
just the technology they have, but it's
also one of the most important markets
out there. So, in some ways, there are
areas in the AI space where China is
leading. And I think what what is
important to point out as well is that
uh Alibaba is making this uh AI model
opensource uh and that would attract
more users potentially more developers
that might participate to refine the
model and that could potentially be a
way for China to erode the lead that the
US has because the norm at the US is
that many of these companies are still
uh making their proprietary models uh
closed source for now.
>> Minman thank you Mman Lo our China
correspondent there. Alibaba is one to
watch going into the open today. Broadly
speaking, the equity rally. We'll get
you a preview of the inflation numbers
coming through in about 16 minutes or so
around, of course, the opening bell. We
talked about the 10ear yield and the
record positioning in China bond futures
that's coming up as well. So 1.8% is the
yield iteration uh of this coming back
of course of the 10ear and the CGB
market as well. Uh just speaking of
government bonds, of course, Hong Kong
and I think we do have dimum bonds being
auctioned out today in Hong Kong. Keep
an eye on that. uh the trade the fixing
of the day should be out soon. Yuan
strength 690 level is one to watch. Uh
and we'll get more on the Msei changes
in a moment. So the MSI China index from
the 27th of Feb will be a much bigger
index in terms of the number of
constituents. You have a lot more
additions than you have deletions. More
on that uh in a moment just in terms of
stocks to watch. Right. The Husai is
actually one of those companies, one of
those stocks being added to that
alongside McCquory also upgrading Husai
U as far as the outlook for the stock.
Want to watch and we talked about Baba,
JD.com and of course Net East will be
coming out with earnings before the US
markets open up later today. More on the
inflation story and we talked about this
window for credit numbers coming
through. Morgan Stanley's chief
economist Robin Shing will be joining us
at the top of the next hour to get his
reaction to the [music] inflation
numbers plus his outlook for the
economy. Coming down to the open of
markets, cash markets, Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and here in Hong Kong, 15
minutes away. This [music] is the China
show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning. We just got the yuan
reference rate crossing and some
interesting commentary yesterday from
the PBC. They're saying that they want
to keep that exchange rate from
overshooting, looking to keep it
actually around a reasonable level
because of course the bias has been
towards strengthening though you're
seeing again that push back as I said in
the reference rate this morning. So the
estimate had been for 69109 actually
coming in Dave at 69438.
>> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess we have to
wait uh maybe more time perhaps before
we talk realistically about uh you know
us taking out 690 uh to the downside
given given where we are right now and
the sort of relative stasis there. Uh
speaking of non-relative stasis uh
changes to Msei China to we talked about
this. So you have a lot more additions
summary on my left here uh in terms of
what the net number is going to be. So
you take I think it's 559 now Feb 27
that goes up to 580 37 - 16 just some
highlights and some of the new economy
stocks right getting put into the
benchmarks Pony AI and sense time just a
partial list of course of some of the
you got to wonder though if it's a leap
year does that become Feb 28
non-relevant information for you there
uh anyway we'll see what the market
reaction is like once we have uh that
coming online in a couple of seconds in
the pre-markets and of course in just
over 10 minutes from now when things
open up uh the approach to reopen right
now a tenth 1% in A50 futures. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
Good morning and welcome back. You're
watching the China show. Futures [music]
are pointing to some modest upside. Uh
we've seen of course uh a few days of
gains. So we'll see what happens towards
the open. Uh inflation numbers are also
coming out in a couple of minutes. We'll
get those to you once we have more
information on that. And apart from
that, a lot of things on AI, right? So
you have Baba and that stock
specifically on the back of that release
and changes to MSEI reflecting new
economy stocks into the benchmark
effective the end of this month. Right,
let's get a sense of markets and the
industry. Joining us here on set
exclusively is the CEO of China AMC,
uh, EI, a leading asset management
company, of course. Very nice to see
you. Happy New Year, by the way.
>> Happy New Year to you, too. Um what's
your sense of market conditions right
now after the bull market the coming out
party in 2025?
>> I think well we have seen a very natural
um play out in the beginning of the year
continued excitement and quite actively
participating the market
>> both from the retail side and also from
the institutional side. Well, it's the
beginning of the year, so the
institutions really start to reallocate
their assets. And this year, I think the
insurance company has have has have seen
quite very satisfactory inflows. So,
they're speeding up their asset
allocation into the equity side of the
business. And then the retail of course
boomed by last year's return still have
been very active in the market. In fact,
they it might have gone the start of the
I remember the first few days were quite
substantial in terms of gains that
regulators had to come in and adjust
some of the margin financing. But what
you're what are you seeing as far as
flows are concerned? So institutional
money let's start with that from the
local side of things. I think from the
local side definitely we have seen
steady um inflows from the institutional
side and uh well with some adjustments
lately in the market I think they start
to look at different sectors for example
both um you know technology and also the
dividend type value investments as well
um but from the retail side I think it's
still very actively every single day
>> yeah I think turnover's picked up quite
quite quite substantially too. Uh just
in terms of do you notice a difference
between sentiment onshore and offshore?
Offshore meaning Hong Kong markets for
example.
>> Um well I didn't really see much change
from offshore side. Okay.
>> But I definitely have seen a lot of
interest flowing from our side to Hong
Kong market.
>> Understood. Yeah. Because a lot of the
momentum last year and I think we were
up 28% just on a benchmark MSEI China
specifically, right?
>> It's lost somewhat of momentum in the
last few weeks or so. just your take on
why why do you think the we we've sort
of consolidated over the last few weeks?
I think well people es especially with
the AI force and etc and changes in the
well global sentiment of how AI is going
to replace some of the job functions
this continuous debates and talks. So I
think there has been a lot of interest
and just a lot of energy build up in
that sector. So it's quite natural to
have certain you know uh turbulence in
that sector. A lot of people have made
quite some money. So before the
holidays, I think people probably think,
well, they will just step out and look
for new um interests. So I think it's
quite natural for the market to have
some kind of you know tidying up.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. In this period,
>> it was a very good tactical and
profitable tactical trade, right? I know
you have some products in the US too. I
just want to get a sense what is your
sense of uh international investors uh
institutional investor sentiment towards
the Chinese market? Well, I definitely
think institutional um investors
especially from last year, I think it's
nice they are looking at China again.
They are expressing strong interested
interest in China again. Okay.
>> But [clears throat] still I think that's
a slow coming back. It's not like
everyone's saying that the whole like
international investors turn around like
a U-turn but I think the interest is uh
warming up and then I think with this
year if the economy is coming back and
the CPI is going to pick up I think that
will definitely strengthen the
international interests in China's
>> okay we'll get more CPI print of course
in a couple of minutes here I want to
talk to you about AI as well the
business some of the products of course
you're planning out expansion plans for
the
E Lee will be joining us in a couple
rejoining us in a couple of minutes
here. She's with AMC, China AMC of
course. Uh just very very quickly going
into the open today. Couple of things we
talked about Msei and some of the
changes there. Net additions plus+ uh
some of the names being added into the
list and I think perhaps you're getting
slightly more Alpha and Hussai on the
back of the other news there on the
company uh which is McCquory um bumping
that one I believe to overweight.
[music] Uh the opposite is true for the
four among it's a partial list of those
being removed from the benchmark uh
itself. Uh trading debut today on your
screens [music] here in Hong Kong 1% to
the upside. The open is next. This is
Bloomberg.
[music]
Right, welcome back. A couple of things
I want to mention before we get into the
open today and before we uh I guess in
some ways uh over obsessed uh or well
guys focus on the inflation numbers
coming through. So I now wonder, you
might have seen it [music] and some of
the our folks in the industry who were
making their way into central today,
there were some train disruptions,
[music]
right? MTR, which is the subway TK
operator. Um, looking at uh there was an
object obstructing the track area where
Bell actually is. I just thought about
that near the Wshai area where of course
consensus is being held. And the last
update as of about 90 or so minutes back
was that the train service was gradually
resuming. So for a time between Shongan
and Quarry, I believe there were
disruptions there. But that is just to
say it's a good time to get your steps
in 10,000, right? There's not a better
opportunity for that. Markets are not
doing anything. So we're looking at that
as well. Uh just very quickly, we should
be getting the inflation numbers coming
through. I'm just checking my Bloomberg
terminal. Okay. Hi Mayo. Oh, here we go.
Okay, January consumer prices are out
half of the estimates 2%. Median
estimate was poor. 04%.
I'm looking for the uh PPI print. Give
me a sec. Only two sets of eyes. A ton
of data points. PPI is coming in
1.4%, the survey was for negative 1.5.
So slightly better uh than estimates,
although on the consumer side of things,
slightly softer uh on the pickup from
inflation. Keep in mind that we're
coming off a point8% print uh in the
previous month. So that's also coming
off as well. Uh I'm curious to see what
the breakdown's going to be like. We'll
get to that in a moment. And of course,
just a kind reminder that Robin Shing
out of Morgan Stanley will be joining us
at the top of the next hour to help
unpack the numbers for us. He also has
some has some reports on this broad VAT
hike that remains unlikely, he says. But
we'll get into many things with Robin uh
in about 30 or so minutes from now.
Bill.
Yeah, Dave, also just taking a look at
some of the MSEI changes, additions,
deletions as well. I think it's very
interesting when you look at the MSEI
China ones in particular, it really
shows sort of a shift that we're seeing
in market sentiment because what's been
added is very much on that tech heavy
side. You got Hersai, for instance, the
world's biggest LAR maker. Pony AI that
just this week is making even further
inroads rather into the robo taxi
business with Toyota really planning to
scale up their fleet. Sensime as well,
one of the early leaders in the AI space
as well. But on the deletions, I mean
again very much speaks to to to the
weaker sides of the Chinese economy. You
got China Vanka for instance, Great Wall
as well. Another interesting one just
given that intense amount of competition
we're seeing in the auto space.
>> Okay. Uh we'll be back with Belle at a
consensus in about 10 or so minutes from
now. Of course, she's standing by there
with uh her next big guest there. Uh
meanwhile, we have our big guest here on
set. E Lee uh CEO of China AMC still
with us. We talked about market
sentiment. We'll talk about the business
in a moment. I'm just curious. So, so
clearly the markets had a rerating last
year. Are there are there things that
seem obvious in terms of where investors
are still largely more measured and
conservative as far as market
expectations are concerned? Like what
are they what are they waiting for to to
go all out on this market?
>> Yeah, we are actually just mentioned
about the CPI. I think is a big word and
um well the economy is still I think
finding it its way the majority part
>> um so I guess CPI will be a very good um
you know something to watch because well
it really you know the anti- um
involution
>> measure last year from the um government
side I think is panning out
>> and economy definitely everyone feel
like will be healthier if there's just
just the CPI is you know showing that
the economy is is consolidating and then
is going forward for the majority part
of the backstone. So I think that's a
lot of people's waiting in a
conservative way to see how the economy
growth is going to pick up especially
from the consumption side
>> and as a business how are you planning
your priorities this year around the
macro and also maybe separately the
market conditions. Well, from the market
conditions, I think well for us um
majority we are an equity manager. So we
still are very keen and very sensitive
on the market sentiment and also on the
influence and on the you know
evolutionary
forces like the technology and AI and
etc. Well still kind of looking out for
the value because this year I think
value and also the large blue chips will
have probably their day in the sunlight
as well. Okay.
>> So this is something that we have been
trying to balance between you know the
growth and the value and this is very
key this year. At the same time I think
well in China you probably don't know
this but from this year there will be um
a tremendous amount like five 50
trillion deposits threeyear deposits
going to be reinvested starting this
year.
>> Okay.
>> So you know the interest rate has
dropped
>> in the past three years.
>> It's not anything in the bank. Yeah. So
I think there's going to be enormous you
know opportunities for the investment
community, investment industry in China
to pick [clears throat] up some of the
reinvestment drive to really educate
investor and connect with investor and
with you know more stabilized products
to attract investor from deposits to the
investment side of the world. And do you
get a sense that the product
products that are available in the
market are suitable to let's call it
first-time investors coming out of bank
deposits because it used to be bank
deposits and property.
>> Yeah, sure.
>> Right. And then you would maybe dabble
in singleame stocks as a tactical
tactical trade, right? But in terms of
the product lineup, how are you from the
industry approaching that that that
scenario?
>> Yeah, we we actually well the whole
market actually they have um the banking
subsidiary financial products. serving
as like an interim product but from
China AMC or our industry as mutual fund
we have been using multiassets product
and also like fixed income plus we call
it fixed income plus so this fixed
income plus some of the exposure to
equity or to other kinds of you know
asset classes so that it will be more
stabilized more diversified and has a
better you know experience for the
markets and for the investors
>> and a fixed income plus as a what what
is that just an income component of the
or what does it do?
>> Fixed income is like a strategy. So it's
fixed income investments plus some
exposure to other kind of investments
areas.
>> Okay. The other priority I understand in
your business is tokenization. Yes. And
R&B internationalization. I still have
trouble saying that despite all my years
in the business, but those are very top
level concepts.
>> Exactly.
>> So how tangibly what does that mean for
the business and for investors? Well, we
would also like to be the innovator of
this market all the time. So, this has
been our driving force for the past 28
years. So, I think tokenization is still
I think in the early stage especially
you know Hong Kong has becoming the
center of the tokenization and RWA and
the digital financing in the whole Asia
or even in the whole world. So, China
AMC we have been leading the way and
well in the past year not only do we
have you know the you know crypto ETFs
but we also have tokenized money market
fund and in different you know um um
exchange classes. So definitely we think
we are trying to work with um the Hong
Kong MA and other officials in Hong Kong
to try to establish the leading role of
Hong Kong in this area.
>> Ah interesting. Yeah, because I think
recently on the stable coin, I think
they're releasing the licenses I believe
uh in March. Now, from a just the ETF
perspective, what do you think what's
your assessment of competition because
there's a ton of new products and what
are your what what's your pipeline
looking like in 202?
>> Yeah, I am we have been meeting with you
know great and accelerating uh
competition. So the concern
concentration of the market share
dropping quickly for the CR3 and CR5 in
the past year.
>> Okay. Just what's CR3 and CR5 just for
>> the concentration rate. So the top three
the top three used to account for like
40%. Okay. The top three.
>> So yeah. So it's not like 25%. So I
guess the reason is so many different
players joining the market which I think
is good because this is a steel market
that's beginning to evolve and the more
participants in the more attention and
the more resource they will bring into
the industry. So this is still very
early stage for the whole ETF-wise
industry development. And for China AMC,
not only do we continue to you know
enlarge our client base and introduce
more strategies, we are also looking at
maybe different you know index creation
to help you know investors to
participate in different themes or even
you know consolidation of different
markets.
In fact, that just made me remember one
of the topics of our conversation. I
think about one or two years ago on the
podcast about, you know, what would
China's S&P 500 be if I'm not mistaken.
One of the topics, right? U is is the
drop in market share worrying you like
the competition and how how are you
looking to reverse that?
>> Worrying me.
>> Okay. you don't seem worried [laughter]
>> but I think this is part of the life
that you live with if you are you know
working in such highly compet
competitive market and also just the
industry it's growing so fast
>> and uh I think it's also how we you know
exchange challenge into driving forces
so if you have always been the number
one I think you just lack the kind of
drivers inside you so every competition
is kind of a push
>> so that you can go forward so China MC I
think we are just trying to be more on
the early side of the business that's
index creation uh definition of new
asset classes and also the investors
education so we actually launched a
portal for all the investors to
understand what index is how to invest
in ETFs on wechathat okay so now we have
like um wau of 1 million so 1 million
people comes to weekly on our you know
little app to really understand ETF and
index. I I know some people who might
benefit from that basic information. uh
AI and how it changes your company in
terms of efficiencies and how do you
think it's going to change your we've
seen a lot of market reaction recently
adverse reaction wealth managers in the
US insurers software for example how are
you looking at this
>> yeah I think well we are just any
company that um will use AI or use AI to
empower the current workflow or even I
think change the whole workflow
according to what AI can do so from the
op operational side from the marketing
side or how we do sales, how we do our
market well content creation, it's all
very much AI right now but as to how to
engage AI in investing that's a
different topic and different I think
background so I think AI is going to
change a lot of the work how we do
research because the beginning of the
research really is facts gathering right
information gathering And that part I
think AI does better than you know
probably 90% of the people. So how we
view analysts, how we view what's the
role of analysts into this research
sector, I think we are going to move
them along the value chain to from the
just basic information gathering to
really challenging the consensus to
really form a view and try to find the
market you know different views and
where they come from. So this will move
the researcher to a higher end of the
value chain.
>> Okay. Yeah, good news there for some of
the entry levels. E Lee, thank you so
much for spending time with us there.
CEO there of China AMC. Eay just
mentioned Consensus. We'll be back in
fact at Consensus Hong Kong. We'll be
hearing from the CEO of Bullish, Tom
Farley will be joining Bell for their
outlook on digital assets. That's coming
up. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show this morning and we're here at the
consensus event in Hong Kong. One of the
biggest events on the crypto calendar
each year in Asia. Back in the city for
a second year, but I'm joined this
morning by Tom Farley who's the CEO of
Bullish. So, thanks very much for taking
the time to speak with us.
>> Great to be back. interesting moment to
be having a crypto conference in Hong
Kong just given the amount of of trading
activity we've seen and and lots of
investors really trying to get a sense
of okay we've got Bitcoin holding around
that 70,000 level is that Wales that are
just entering the market or is there
really any sort of institutional
appetite that's picking up given the
amount of ETF outflows but what are you
thinking or what are you seeing
>> first of all thank heavens this is an
institutional conference if this were a
retail conference this week it would be
very morose out here on the floor but
institutions are looking through a lot
of this current volatility towards
brighter times ahead to tokenization
more institutional use cases. To answer
your question directly on the price of
Bitcoin as well as other assets, I think
what we saw was yet another wave of
overlever in the digital asset space. It
seems to happen round about once every
year or year and a half. It's 100x
margin. It's pushing retail to buy in
some cases speculative assets. It's
opaque risk management process from
so-called exchanges and infrastructure
providers. It's a really messy brew and
it doesn't make me happy because there's
so much great stuff happening in digital
assets outside of that.
>> Mhm. What do you think about on that
institutional side? I know that you're
you're becoming a lot more dominant for
instance in the options space and and
how important is that for your business
if you if you're seeing in terms of
other types of trading activity looking
a little bit more as I said subdued and
a little bit damper sentiment
>> you know in a time like this the price
of Bitcoin's gone from call it 125,000
down to 60,000 round roundabout the
market wants to be able to transfer risk
in all sorts of different ways and one
of those is through options actually
it's kind of odd but the crypto options
market never really developed while
everything else developed in crypto.
Spot and futures. Finally, options is
growing significantly. And so, our
customers kept knocking on the door
saying we need help. There is no other
provider of options in the world with a
single global order book who can trade
spot and futures and options in one
account, be able to do what's called
portfolio margining, be able to reduce
the amount of capital they deploy. And
so, we built it and the response has
been awesome.
>> Yeah. And I that came out in your
numbers. I was reading through your your
earnings call last night and and one
thing that really caught me out and and
wasn't really clarified that much was
M&A activity because you you did
indicate that you're open to to to
growing through mergers and
acquisitions, but but what does that
actually look like?
>> Uh it looks a lot different now than it
did even two weeks ago. There's a lot of
great products in crypto that are
masquerading as companies. They're
really not mature enough or broad enough
to serve as a company. And now with this
downdraft in prices, they're looking
around saying, "I really need a dance
partner." Bullish bullish group. As you
as you as as you know, we're putting on
this conference, but we're also a big
exchange. We're also a data company. We
also have a nice big balance sheet with
several billion dollars of net cash and
a lot of expertise around M&A. In fact,
we acquired Coindesk that's putting on
this conference. We acquired a data
business that's now Coindesk Data. We're
talking to literally dozens of companies
that have emerged out of the woodwork in
the over the last few weeks, maybe few
months. since prices started going down
and and and there are going to be
opportunities. This is going to be a
year of consolidation. You're going to
see a lot of mergers, big mergers, big
acquisitions in crypto, little teeny
mergers that are that are important and
um the only way I can be wrong there is
if some of those companies hang on to
these old 2021 valuations, but I don't
see that happening. I think realism is
setting in.
>> What does Okay, let's actually talk
about that the valuation side because
when you say realism setting in, I mean,
what is the sort of downgrade that
you're seeing on the valuation side? You
know what how realism sets in? You run
out of cash and there was a lot of money
that moved into the crypto space 2019,
2020, 2021. And those companies no
longer have the nice flush balance
sheets that they had. But we were we
were having conversations with companies
that were saying literally pay us 30
times revenue for modestly growing
revenue. That was what it looked like in
early 2025. Now we're looking at those
same companies who are saying pay us
three or three or four times revenue for
the same business.
>> Okay. So you may be looking at
businesses that are becoming, you know,
a lot cheaper essentially. But when you
talk about consolidation, are there any
parts of the crypto industry that you
think are specifically more ripe than
others?
>> Yeah, I mean we we so at Bullish, we're
most focused on what are the needs of
institutions. This is an institutional
gathering. Our data business
institutional gathering and the exchange
is an institutional gathering. What are
exchanges talking about besides options?
They're talking about this coming
tokenization trend. It's already
happening. The dollar has been
tokenized. There's $37 billion of stable
coins on chain, but next will be global
equities, global fixed income. We're
already seeing it money market funds.
And so when I think about M&A for
bullish, it's how can we help in our
three different businesses, institutions
as they prepare for that wave.
>> Let's also take a look at the the
regulatory framework roadmap because one
of the big acts that we're looking ahead
to is the Clarity Act. I know of course
there's the infrastructure bill that's
also important but but the clarity act
specifically has been something that was
even touched on overnight and there's
quite a big division we're seeing in the
crypto community as well as to what's
the best way to proceed. What's your
views on it and and and what do you
think is the best path forward?
>> I know you're going to be surprised to
hear this but the American political
system is not perfect uh nor is the
shocking
>> nor is the nor is the process of making
a law uh and the best laws come out
where nobody's totally happy. And I
think this will be one of those
circumstances. There's really three
issues being worked on in the clarity
act. One is around how much KYC and AML
will be required in DeFi. The second is
it will exchanges be able to pay
interest on stable coins. Uh and then
the third is will the uh presidential
administration executive branch have
their uh uh have limits on conflicts of
interest and ethics with respect to
participation in crypto. I actually see
a path for all of them to be worked out
because both the Republicans and the
Democrats want to get a market structure
bill, put it behind them before the
midterms. And so that'll be a good thing
not just for America but for the world.
Uh because we do America does lead the
world with respect to financial
regulation. Often times so goes American
regulation, as goes American regulation,
so goes the world. And so just getting
clarity on exactly what is allowed and
what is not allowed will enable even
more institutions to come in. the more
riskaverse institutions because they
want that safe harbor of a federal law.
>> This is a bit bigger bigger question but
or bigger picture question. One of the
broader tens trends we're seeing rather
across across well across a lot of
different industries but it's looking at
the different AI casualties. So we've
seen for instance the huge slump in
software stocks then it came for the
insurance stocks. It's been the wealth
management stocks overnight. Do you see
any risk to to I guess the the the the
crypto exchange model and any sort of
major disruptive forces that could be
possible from AI?
>> Yeah, I see opportunities and I see risk
for sure. It's something we've been
focused on now for for 2 years at
Bullish. Um even just little things like
using LLM in our daily workflows, you
know, helping prepare uh regulatory
applications, helping prepare even
articles for for our journalists. Hey,
help me with the first draft here and
then I'll go spend my time building
sources and and and breaking scoops. On
the exchange side, we we process
millions 10 million data points a day.
It's hard to discern signal from all
that noise using LLMs to be able to say,
"Hey, what's really interesting to our
customers? What's going to help those
institutions manage risk? What's going
to help those institutions look smart
and identify opportunities for their
customers?" So, we are working on this
throughout our entire organization of
our goals for 2026. This is listed first
on our chart. Uh, and if you don't
adapt, you're going to have a lot you're
going to have a lot of trouble.
>> All right, Tom, really great to see you
again and good luck for the conference
as well. Ahead, that was Tom Farley
there who's the CEO of Bullish. And
coming up, a lot more coverage out of
this event as well at Consensus here in
Hong Kong as we said for a second year.
But we're going to be speaking with the
head of Robin Hood Crypto, that's Johan
Kbat, and also with the president of the
Salana Foundation, Lily View. So stay
tuned for those conversations. We'll
have plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
Right. Uh welcome [music] back. We're
looking at some of these big movers
across these markets. You have earn
earnings story and earnings miss
specifically on SMIC. China lits also an
earnings story. As you can see both
those book ending uh the market [music]
moves we're seeing right now within that
though quite literally and to the upside
is big points movers as far as uh Baba
and Xiaomi and that rebound [music]
across that part of tech is concerned.
Elsewhere in the region you have Samsung
SKH Highex uh and on top of that of
[music] course coming up very shortly
after this declines there uh the China
market reaction to the [music] C uh this
this this story CXMT linked stocks on
the back of this new um entry is that a
way a good way to put that into this
market. We'll unpack [music] the story
for you in a moment. But as you can see,
markets reacting quite well to that. We
have lots more on the way. The China
show, [music] the second hour is next.
Welcome back to the China show this
morning. Taking a look at how markets
are fairing. We're 30 minutes into the
session so far and you've got the hang
looking [music] pretty steady in the
session so far. Also, I was just taking
a look at trading volumes and again it's
looking quite thin this morning around
20% less than what we'd see on a typical
3-week moving average basis. A couple of
things to monitor as well just in terms
of the big movers. We are keeping an eye
on those additions to the S MSEI China
index deletions as well, but but
certainly showing that big rotation
we're seeing into tech and of course or
you can see there the Hangen tech index
just slightly outpacing uh what we're
seeing across the broader gauge Dave.
>> Yeah, absolutely. And I think the
Alibaba story is one that I think
investors should pay attention to and
overnight of course the release of that
and of course the outperformance of Baba
overnight and perhaps it's also why
we're looking at the HS tech there to
the upside outperforming the Hen today.
There's also the Xiaomi story that's
also lifting uh that that specific
benchmark u away from equity markets.
Let's have a look at where we are in
currencies and the weak dollar story
persists. We're now four days straight
on on a red print on the Bloomberg
dollar index and you know we've been
counting down to we were counting down
you think about it the seven just very
recently it's now 690 that's the next
sort of like nice round level to ahead
of us on dollar China u the other thing
we want to point out too is we had that
inflation print about 30 minutes back
we'll get to that in a moment we are
still getting and that's really
bolstering this long CGB trade right
which has been successive days. As you
can see, bond futures are pointing to
the upside and the 10-year yield is
testing this 1.8% handle for the first
time in several weeks. So, we'll see if
we break this at specific level. There's
also a separate story in this pickup and
just a record amount of uh bond futures
trading there as well. So, we'll we'll
get to that in a moment, but yes, back
to the inflation print. Mixed picture in
January. softer on CPI, not as bad on
PPI where you have deflation easing more
than expected. Uh Min, our China
correspondent is here to tell us about
the numbers and anything else that stood
out.
>> Yeah, I mean the CPI definitely missed
expectations, cooling more than
expected. Last month there was 0.8 this
month is 0.2%. Um and the scale of that
pullback seems to be a little bit more
than the seasonal factor as well because
we do have the base effect. Last year
Luna New Year was in January. This year
it's in February. So we had a higher
base last year but that pullback
certainly is notable and PPI uh improved
down by 1.4% I believe. So better than
the previous month but still this is the
40th consecutive month of decline in PPI
now. And how much of it really is
reflecting an improvement in demand? I
feel that that's not very clear because
bear in mind that there has been a huge
increases in commodity prices
particularly copper which has tripled or
quadrupled over the past few months. Um,
so this may not necessarily mean that
it's coming from growing demand. It
could be higher prices that is still
crimping on corporate profits. So we
have our guest here that can tell us a
little bit more about that.
>> Why not? Robin Ching is here with us,
chief China economist at at Morgan
Stanley here with us to help us unpack
the CPI print. The copper price is
interesting because is it down to being
priced in dollars, but initial take on
the inflation, the lack of inflation. So
Miming did a great summary. There is no
signs of decisive reflation. Uh if you
look at CPI over the last three four
months, they edged up largely due to
gold price and vegetables. You if you
stripe that out, yeah, anything in the
core services remained very weak due to
insufficient domestic demand. PPI
improved a little bit, but I think it's
just a mechanical. If you look at the
PPIs due to commodity price, it's all
contributed by global factors. It's not
a demand turn in China because we see no
pass through from this upstream
commodity price to downstream or
consumer goods. So there is no decisive
reflation yet in China.
Um, I'm wondering when you talk about
PPI, actually if you pull out and look
at the longer term, it's steadily been
improving since maybe middle of last
year. And some economists think we could
see positive PPI somewhere maybe middle
of this year. Do you think that's
possible?
>> Well, if you think about the big
picture, China need to reflate. They
need to do three steps. Step one, don't
add the new capacity in these overs
supplied sectors. They started to do
that anti-involution. Step two, cutting
excess capacity. They haven't done much.
There is very limited progress on that
front due to job concerns or debt
concerns. Finally, boost consumption,
particularly boosting it in a
sustainable way, not just the cash for
clunkers subsidy, but try to provide a
better upgraded social safety net to
unlock consumption. That part is also
quite weak, [music]
right? So that's why I don't see
sustained reflation here and the PPI
improvement you mentioned I mentioned is
mechanical because global factors like a
dollar debase or global AI data center
demand that's helping the upstream price
going up but we don't see is passing
through to any of the downstream or
consumer price in China that showed it's
largely imported due to external factors
is not a China net reflation
>> so the lack of let's [snorts] okay let's
just call it de demand pull inflationary
pressures it's that's really what
matters right and that's really what
keeps the thing sustainable that's the
backdrop I'll bring in two other stories
recently there's the conversation around
VAT and the stronger currency both of
those things are counter inflation if
well the other one actually if you add
inflation it's not the perhaps the best
time to do that where do you think those
two stories fit into the inflation
picture
>> well the VAT debate It is a interesting
story. Uh your colleagues did a great
coverage on that. Um that day when they
moved on the telecom VAT, you know, from
6% rate to 9%. Right.
>> Um a lot of investors were concerned
that this could become a broad-based VAT
hikes. Not just these left pocket, right
pocket in a S so SOE dominated telecom
business but also maybe reaching out
going after private firms in internet
platforms, e-commerce, gaming on the
hikes.
>> We don't think they will do that because
it's counterproductive, is bad for
reflection, is hurting confidence and is
inconsistent with the macro consistency
review framework. But investors are
concerned due to legitimate reasons. We
think in the upcoming National People's
Congress in March, they may set the
fiscal deficit ratio at the same level
of last year. So if the economy is in
deflation, you actually need more
proactive fiscal policy expanding fiscal
deficit be the headline deficit or the
broad augmented deficit. If you keep it
stable because government revenue is
going to underperform during deflation
revenue as percentage of GDP may decline
right and the deficit keep stable that
means spending power to support the
economy support consumption will be
limited right so investors has a point
maybe the government need to collect
more revenue by hiking some tax rates
but that's counterproductive during
deflation so that's why I think if they
keep a modest stable deficit ratio is
probably not decisive reflation efforts
but I do think if first half growth
underd delivered uh they may do a top up
in this fiscal package by second half of
this year okay
>> uh in the order of maybe 0.5 percentage
of GDP you know less than 1 trillion
reming
consumption or housing support yeah
>> to your point about fiscal policies
right I think so far all the signs this
year showed that the government is
pulling back significantly in terms of
consumption subsidies. Last year is 300
billion UN, this year is 60 over billion
UN. And you mentioned the social safety
net as well. What do you think is
holding the government back from
decisively pumping in more fiscal
policies here?
>> I think old habits die hard, right? uh
they try to be restrained on how much
debt they want to raise, how much
deficit they want to expand partially
due to the concerns if you do too much
debt expansion is bad for the future but
also how you spend the debt. China was
used to the supply centric business
model spending it on infrastructure
capex or manufacturing upgrade. Um but
we know in some areas is already
oversupplied infrastructure or
industrial capacity. So they have to
shift the pattern of the spending mix
from investing in phys physical goods to
investing in human capital like social
welfare. But these are all multi-year
journey of reform. I don't expect that
they can do a big ban reform this year.
It may be the start of the next
five-year plan emphasizing the upgrading
of social safety net but it will take
some time. So to your question, fiscal
policy is still restraint because there
are still a lot of old habits and old
habits die hard.
>> Some of the old let's call it old habits
to barer the concept you just raised
there is an exercise in setting GDP and
growth targets right and we've heard
from many provinces recently over their
individual targets for 2026. How does
how do those targets inform you uh over
what the aggregate e economic growth
target is going to be at the NPC and
what they'll tell us then? Yeah, we
closely monitor how these local MPC from
each province or cities are tracking on
GDP target.
>> Um, most of them trimmed the target. So
on average they lowered the target of
last year's 5.5% to 2026 5%. Around 5%.
So that probably showed um national
target will also be around 5%. I don't
think it's a downgrade. It's more like
becoming more practical. uh if they can
tolerate slightly slower growth uh
instead of doing all in for capex to
reach that 5% or above growth target
this tolerance of of slightly slower
growth is actually good for quality
rebalancing efforts because if they need
to and shift the spending from supply
side to consumer welfare that will take
time and in very near term that may mean
you have to tolerate a slower GDP target
because it's always easier to anchor
growth with infrastructure capex while
it may take longer harder to change
people's behavior on consumption. So I
do take you know 10 out of these top 15
provinces lower the GDP target that's
probably a good sign they are becoming
more practical. Yeah,
>> we have seen with the dollar slide right
the UN has been pushing towards 6.9 and
there has been expectation that this
momentum would continue throughout the
year but at the same time this would
worsen deflation right so how much do
you think the POC would allow the UN to
continue strengthening
>> if you ask 10 economists on their
forecast of rem today I think 10 out of
10 will be bullish I am not one of them
um the reason is China is in deflation
and a stronger currency in a sustainable
session is counterproductive for
reflation. It could make the PPI
deflation even worse. Uh squeezing
profit margins for firms. So is against
the reflation goal. Of course, now
people are looking at near-term
remining.
That's not a GMBB story. That's largely
a dollar story. I just look at your
screen. dollar index is continue to
weakening and that's a dollar beta story
right it's not a rem alpha story in fact
the PBOC probably prefer by you know
maintaining the German B against it
basket at a stable level the safest
basket will largely park at that around
uh that's the stability they are looking
for when dollar is strengthening rem
weaken against the dollar when dollar is
weakening just like now dollar will
strengthen but it's not remain B alpha
story because they know that when they
have domestic deflation problem if you
have a sustainable refle appreciation of
the currency is actually making PPI
deflation worse making profit margins of
corporate worse so I don't think they
are looking for a stronger sustainable
appreciation of the y no
>> do you think that's going to be the
story of 2026 that the economy is not
bad enough to merit
short-term stimulus stick to the
structural story, but not good enough
that it's not going to fuel this
earnings rally that most equity
strategists are now tying to a sustained
rebound in the equity market.
>> Well, yes,
>> Goldilocks economy.
>> I think the same for 26 will be similar
to 25. It's
>> micro positives, macro challenging. So,
it's a slow burn in China's gradual uh
long-term reflation process. Macro is
still challenging particularly these
macro sensitive sectors, housing,
consumption, but micro you can see a lot
of positives on tech,
>> AI, supply chain, uh biotech, uh
advanced manufacturing. So this is
definitely the area investors I met have
been re-engaging with China. It's more
on this micro positives, but on macro
people are still cautious.
>> Fantastic. Yeah, that's the name of the
book actually. micro fixes, macro
slowburn, the the report specifically
out of Morgan Stanley there. Uh Robin
Ching, fantastic. Thank you so much,
sir. Uh chief China economist there at
Morgan Stanley and of course China
correspondent here just with us as well.
Uh Minlo right just ahead, President
Trump shrugging off the point we just
made there, a weaker dollar. China is
[music] seizing the moment, touting its
own strong yuan message. More on that
next. This is Bloomberg.
You're watching the China show this
morning and taking a longerterm look
here or at least a three-year horizon on
on what the offshore yuan has been doing
against the USD over this period. So,
you do see that that sort of longerterm
trend of depreciation against the
greenback throughout 2023 up until 2025.
Of course, the sentiment has very much
shifted coming into 2026 because we've
been hitting 30-month highs, for
instance, against the dollar. But let's
uh stick with that story because China,
of course, has been expressing a desire
for a strong currency to match its huge
economy with President Xi Jinping
equating robust national finances with a
powerful currency. But our Bloomberg
opinion columnist Dan Moss argues that
concept might not be exactly so simple.
He joins us now this morning from
Singapore. So Dan, really interesting
piece and and I want to get greater
clarity because it's not that clear
exactly what Xiinping actually means
when he talks about desiring a powerful
currency.
>> Uh no, it's not. And if China is serious
about this ambition, and they appear to
be, then there needs to be more than
just opportunism behind these
statements. Now, I mention opportunism
because these were old remarks which
just happened to resurface in a key
publication days after President Trump
suggested he was fine with weaker dollar
and he can move it up and down like a
yo-yo. So, here's China acting like the
adult in the room and that's fine. Once
you start messaging on your currency, uh
you need to choose your words carefully
and if the experience of some US
Treasury secretaries is anything to go
by, you need to develop a line and stick
to it. That's what people are looking
for in currency policy. They're looking
for consistency, not riffs.
>> Yeah. And Dan, interesting that you
frame it that way given the that you
know the current uh direction of of
currency markets currents, right? The
you know the fact that you simply have
to stay just stay out of the way will
see your currency strengthen. It's the
opposite obviously if you lean into the
strength. What do you think the
messaging is now coming through um out
of policy makers on the currency given
what seems to be a a currency that is
strengthening?
Look, I think they see their moment. Uh
they see the disenchantment
uh with US leadership. Uh certainly
since the liberation day fiasco and uh
you know, China doesn't need to do much
here to look like the adult in the room.
Now, that gets you so far. Fine. Great.
Sense the opportunity. Go for it. Uh but
China does want a currency that's taken
seriously. It does want to attract more
foreign investment to its bond market.
It will never surrender completely to
market forces. That's just not the way
China under President Xi rolls, but they
want a greater slice of this.
They've latched onto the idea that
people feel the US is trash talking the
dollar. That's an extreme
um characterization, but I think there's
no question people feel that's what's
happening. Uh so having started down
this road, China needs to get its
message right. The appreciation in the
yuan which you've just highlighted uh is
entirely consistent with that. There may
well come a time when China itself is
looking for a weaker currency. How do
they then describe that
uh China has the ability to control this
over the short term? You know the PBOC
is in the market all the time
orchestrating the daily fix. Uh there
are limits on how much the yuan can
fluctuate and as we heard from your
earlier conversation the one part of the
economy that's doing unambiguously well
uh is exports. So, you know, uh there's
a needle here, the dreaded needle to be
threaded. Uh that's a cliche, but like
all cliches, there's something to it.
And this is a moment for China that it
does not want to fluff.
>> Dan Moss, thank you so much. Opinion
columnist in Singapore for us. Yeah, I'm
sorry to cut in, but yes, Dan, thank you
so much. Uh we'll have plenty more ahead
here on the China show.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show this morning and uh we are here at
Consensus. It is one of the biggest
events on the crypto calendar each year
in Hong Kong. But back in the city for a
second year. So we've got the event
underway behind us this morning and lots
of different exhibitors that are coming
here. A very interesting moment for this
conference to be taking place as well
because last week was really defined by
that huge amount of selling pressure we
saw across crypto assets. Bitcoining
trading down around to that 60,000 mark
since actually risen and we continue to
trade around 70,000 a token this week.
But it is really interesting, Dave, I
find when you when you actually look at
at the overall trading activity we're
seeing and where exactly it's coming
from because one of the most read
stories on the terminal this morning
actually relates to to Bitcoin whales
that are coming into into into the
market because the the tokens or the
wallets that we actually see the biggest
size wallets in the market, ones with
more than a thousand coins, they're
actually adding the most, which really
does tell you, could it just be a
handful of people that are really coming
in to prop up sentiment at this point?
No, I I I did hear that comment and I'm
wondering if you could remind our
viewers of that, Bill. You know, uh you
know, CEO Bullish was on and I you know,
you put that question to him, you know,
at a time when most people who are not
as familiar with the industry see simply
see a crypto winter. Uh and on the back
of the sort of the nuance in the Hong
Kong story, what what did Tom Farley
have to say around that that that
specific comment?
Yeah, I mean in general cryp you ask
anyone in crypto and they still keep a
pretty brave face. So he was quite
optimistic still around around the sort
of trading activity. He's saying
institutional demand is still strong.
What he is really seeing though of
course is one of the few exchanges that
can op offer options. I think options
activity is where we've seen a lot of
investors that are at least protecting
for further downside activity or
downside trading momentum. So that's
been a particular bright spot for them
as an exchange. But but overall I mean
ETF outflows is certainly another
characteristic that we continue to track
as well and and again institutional
demand you know still lots of question
marks exactly over how much we're seeing
at this point in time.
Well, yeah, let let me complicate things
for you, Bel, because separately as we
talk about, you know, the the broader
effects of technology, right? When it
comes to traditional markets, I'm going
to bring in the AI play here. Uh because
we've seen it, you know, overnight was
wealth management. The day before was
insurance, uh late last week, we talked
about the software hit, right? So, you
know, that's really one part of the
market. Just to bring that up here, uh
that we were tracking here in the Asia
Pacific. In fact, maybe some of the
wealth management related stocks here on
the back what seems to be on the surface
and you know I I obviously could be
wrong uh depending on what happens of
obviously with the passage of time but
you know being able to come up with tax
efficient investment strategies as it
pertains to the specific names that got
hit substantially overnight doesn't seem
to be the particular nuance playing out
in Chinese markets today. Uh just to
close the loop on that one as well. Uh
just very quickly, low altitude stocks
also very much in focus coming up on
your screens there on your screens. Yep.
Well, the the opposite of that uh given
this infrastructure plan that is being
talked about in the market. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show,
right? Midweek session, equity markets
looking good, right? Uh 610 of 1% on
price. If you strip out obviously the
Japan effect, well, you don't need to
strip it out today because the cash
market's not trading. Uh if it were
trading though, it would be trading to
the upside. Uh if you look at futures,
for example, we are trading uh 8 9 cents
to 1% on some of the proxies there. S&P
futures have shaken off some of the
early weakness. As with by the way,
Korea, we'll get to that in a moment.
Also seeing some upside last we checked.
Um most if not all sector groups are
trading to the upside, some of the big
winners. Okay, live TV as I spoke.
Consumer services, that's probably Is
that probably 10-centent? It's probably
10-centent. That's one of the big
stocks. In fact, you know what? I'm just
going I'm not going to speculate. I'm
going to check my screens. Consumer
services should be 10-centent to the
downside. And aha, yes, it is 10-centent
pulling that one down. Uh, apart from
that, speaking of tech, it's earnings.
Net is coming out with earnings later
today. Asia time and SMIC Bell, of
course, out with earnings and that's
something we'll talk about now.
Yeah, and actually Dave, I'm just taking
a look at my terminal here and I can see
for the broader hangs gauge today, SMIC
is actually one of the biggest lagards
that we have. We had those earnings out.
We saw the fourth quarter net income
missing expectations and the company as
well warning that it expects revenue and
capex to be flat in the current quarter.
So let's get more on this now with our
Bloomberg Intelligence senior tech
analyst at Steven Sang of course joining
us from Taipei this morning. So Stephen,
great to have you with us. You were just
listening to that to that earnings call
as well earlier. What exactly stood out
to you and then were these numbers I
mean they've come in worse than
expected.
>> Okay. Uh I think overall the company did
uh has a pretty uh confident about the
revenue growth. I think they sped the uh
growth uh revenue growth to be above
industry average. Uh obviously there's
some positive driver there. uh the
self-reliance trend China obviously
benefit all the uh foundry guys in China
and also you see some leading foundry
player like a TSMC they actually focus
more on the cutting edge knots and then
they are kind of pulling out of the uh
mature chip manufacturing so that also
benefit other uh tier 2 foundry uh so
that benefit the revenue uh but having
say that I think on margin side the Q1
margin guidance was uh clear is clearly
below the market consensus. That's one
thing and also the company sp the uh
depreciation this year going to be 30%
higher largely because the heavy capeex
uh previously and obviously this year
they also spend the capeex to be uh flat
to last year about 8 billion. um the
management actually sp some of the
procurement of the equipment because of
the uh geopolitical tension. Some of the
process may take longer which means that
they have to uh pull some uh procurement
earlier. Uh that also means that the uh
depreciation might remain a concern not
just this year but maybe 2027 as well.
Uh so that's actually a concern on the
margin. uh even though the company
actually raised the price for some
product line given that actually having
a very high utilization of the capacity
uh but that pricing power hasn't seems
to be uh translating into uh better
margin so I would say the uh margin
going to be the concern uh for pretty
much in the next few quarter
>> okay Stephen can I pick up on that
that's interesting the fact that they
are raising some prices for some
products if you could well talk a little
bit more about if you know the specific
sort of categories involved and also why
I I think some of the guidance coming
out of the company first quarter revenue
will remain flat and why that's not
translating to higher revenues if you
could just tie that knot together for
us.
>> Okay. I think uh there uh some area like
uh the uh industrial uh automotive uh
even AI data center the demand is still
quite solid in China. Uh on the other
hand we see some the consumer related
product like PC like smartphone uh the
demand still lager and then you have
this uh worsening supply of memory chips
uh which obviously means that the uh a
lot of the PC or smartphone guy may
actually uh need to cut down their uh
forecast for the year because of that
shortage. Um and also some of the
customer uh on the PC or smartphone side
because they are facing a higher uh
memory cost they have to uh reduce the
cost of somewhere. So some of the
foundry supplier also facing pressure.
So from Smith's perspective um obviously
they trying to um adjust their product
portfolio that shift their focus to more
on the uh industrial auto automotive uh
data center AI related area and they
downplay those uh traditional PC or
smartphone area. So that's actually how
they help the margin uh or support a
margin also uh in some area that's why
they can actually raise their ASP. Uh
but then as we mentioned earlier they do
have the higher depreciation that's kind
of major drag and then uh the obvious
also have the competition within China.
Um so even though they are uh try their
best to manage this pricing uh but I
think they probably need to do more to
control the cost.
So Stephen, I'm interested as well just
on that product mix rather. SMIC is the
most advanced foundry in China, more
advanced than Huaw for instance, uh
capable of producing 5nanmter technology
or class chips at this point if they're
not investing further in their capex.
How does that also dent their their
capabilities to to go into even more
advanced technologies?
Yes, that's actually why I think they
have to keep their cape high uh to uh uh
spend obviously invest in more advanced
cutting edge area uh given their
limitation uh to get access to the uh
the real uh top-notch technology. uh but
then uh you the utilization obviously is
high as I mentioned but uh still uh some
of the equipment as I mentioned it may
take time uh so even they have a plan
but uh some sometime the uh equipment
supplier may not necessarily be able to
deliver the equipment on schedule so
there is some uncertainty that have to
deal with
>> Stephen thanks very much for joining us
this morning that was our Bloomberg
intelligence senior analyst for
technology Steven saying there in Taipei
and uh as we said SMIC is one of the
biggest lagards that we're seeing in the
session today but let's get more on
what's moving markets our managing
editor for Asia Equities Leang Tang 2
joins us from Singapore and and and
Leanting you're just doing essentially a
big earnings focus for uh for us this
morning what's exactly standing out to
you because there's been quite a few
different uh companies reporting
>> yeah I think what has uh stood out for
us uh so far is that the picture for
earnings uh for those that have reported
fourth quarter profits, it's actually a
deteriorating picture. Morgan Stanley
just came out with a note saying so and
they said mid and small cap companies
are actually weighing on the
deterioration and China merchant
securities also came out to say that
amount of companies that have issued
positive earnings alerts uh is actually
much lower than before. So that is very
much all tied to the disinflationary
environment that we're seeing in China
right now. Uh the data that came out
this morning if you look at the uh yeah
the factory gauge it's still down 1.4%
is slightly smaller drop than before but
very much in the negative territory and
CPI also rose just 0.2% uh lower than
estimate. So overall I think that kind
of margin compression is still very much
playing out in Chinese corporate
earnings.
Uh the the other uh well unrelated theme
today, Leanting, the the changes that
MSEI announced to the their various
benchmarks uh before we got underway
here in the Asia Pacific this Wednesday.
How how is that showing up across
markets today?
>> Yeah, I think the ones uh that are
happening with with China in terms of
additions and deletions is very
interesting. Um, China is seeing a lot
more additions than deletions this time
and uh, you know, if you remember past
few sessions uh, or quarterly reviews,
China uh, was seeing net deletions. So,
we crunched some data to show that China
is seeing uh, the biggest addition since
2023. And uh, among those that are added
in this quarterly review included those
that are newly IPOed, those automated
driving software providers. So I think
it bodess well for China, right? That
means more passive money maybe going
into some of these Chinese companies and
with more chip related or AI related
debuts in Hong Kong, we're probably
going to expect more of such companies
to be added to the MSEI China index.
>> Lenting, thank you so much uh for that.
Two big themes, earnings and index uh
compiler changes there. Lenting too uh
our managing editor for Asia Equities in
Singapore for us. Uh well that's uh
let's have a look at where we are. So
we're looking at obviously China on your
screens. You have Samsung SKH Highix for
those who might in the smallest of
chances remain unfamiliar with what's
going on in a market that's effectively
more than doubled in less than a year's
time. Um and then you have the S&P 500
obviously and as you can see that's
almost traded like a a time deposit if
you look at it comparatively here. uh
really helping drive gains across this
K-pop phenomenon that's taking place in
the markets there. Firing up retail
investors, active accounts, margin loads
hitting records there. Shulie Rener,
Bloomberg opinion column says that's in
contrast with the fatigue hitting
US-based AI trade. Shulie is with us
here right now to talk us through how
retail investors can't get enough of
what's going on there.
>> So, uh South Korea is a retail
investors, they actually a very powerful
bunch. In the past they they were quite
into US tech stocks. Last year they they
uh net bought a record 32 billion US uh
stocks uh in 2025 and then in the past
they also played a little bit of the
small cap cost index but they have uh
stayed largely stayed away from the blue
chip uh Cosby index. But we are starting
to see in the last couple weeks some
signs of change. uh the the exchanges
daily data is showing that retail
investors are starting to plow in and
we're talking about a lot of money. For
instance, they they are sitting on uh se
over 17 billion US dollars of uh uh cash
on their local brokerage accounts and
they also own about $170 billion US uh
US dollars of uh US uh equities that
they can offload and repatriate back
home. And that that's quite significant
because if you look at Samsung and the
XK Highex um going by operating margin
that they are expected to generate this
year they are the world's sixth and
eighth largest companies but going by
market value they're only the 16th and
the 25th in that sense that the Korean
companies the big uh the big uh uh the
big tech companies they're still very
cheap
>> and you know so the question right now
is this retail
army
>> um And to BTS fans, that's not a
reference. U putting their money, will
they be putting their money at to work
with as far as the two big names are
concerned?
>> Well, it depends on how the two big
names uh continue to rally. So, what
we're seeing is that the Korean
investors, they like to take a huge
risks to to make a uh to to become rich
quick, right? Like if you look at what
they are buying in the US, they like to
buy three times leverage semiconductors
ETF, two 2x leverage Tesla ETF. So, so
it depends on whether this uh Cosby
rally still has legs. If it does, then
they will pile on more.
>> Right. And aren't some of the leverage
products here in Hong Kong actually some
of the ETFs, right? To
>> Yeah. So, in in Korea, like there there
are fewer uh adventurous products that
they can buy, right? They cannot buy 2x,
3x Samsung electronics. Whereas in the
US, they in January, they bought a lot
of Tesla's leverage ETF, which has not
played out well. that that ETF is down
18% for the year. So, so it the the
question really comes down to whether
they are willing to stick around and
that can be quite meaningful.
>> Yeah, we'll see. Uh Shulie Ren, our
Bloomberg opinion columnist, just to
maybe juxtapose the price rally with the
earning story in Korea, right? Um and
suffice to say, the earning story in
Korea is the blue line that's gone
completely almost vertical on your
screens. it's really Korea then it's
everybody else as it pertains to the
pace of earnings upgrades on MSEI Korea
against the benchmarks on on so there is
an earning story whether or not the
markets got ahead of itself that's a
completely different thing alto together
anyway plenty more ahead this is
Bloomberg
right let's talk about Jackma's uh
Jackma bat Ant group. Okay, we got to
get the semantics accurate here. Uh
well, the company's betting on
healthcare powered by AI to fuel its
next phase of growth and it's after the
company had to reign in its ambitions
following its derailed IPO a few years
back. Uh our Asia finance and wealth
managing editor Lulu Chen is here with
us on set to talk us through a little
bit more on this new endeavor and why
ANT is expanding specifically in
healthcare AI. So people might find it
quite surprising because when we think
about Ant, it's a fintech company. Uh
they specialize in lending and also
selling asset management products
underpinned by Alipe. But because of the
regulatory changes in the past few
years, that growth has been capped. And
when you think about for a company like
Ant, there aren't that many sectors that
they can really really sink their teeth
into and have a story to tell. So what
they're hoping for is that ANT um by by
investing in AI health this is a sector
that they can um find growth to to
propel the company for the next 10 years
and the the policies are there the
environment uh think about China's
population one-third would hit more than
60 years old uh within 10 years and then
also right now there are uh policies
that allow uh Chinese consumers to buy
prescription drugs online. So there are
many things going for the company
especially with the advent of AI many
technology um aspirations that companies
had in the past they can achieve now. So
Ant has a definitely has an advantage
going into the sector.
>> Okay. I was about to ask you that
because you alluded to the fact that
it's originally not from this part of
the neighborhood. If you could elaborate
more on the advantages that the company
brings here to the space.
>> Absolutely. So, Ant um underpinned by
Alip Pay which it already has 800
million people uh using Alip Pay
connecting their medical insurance
information to the payment app and they
can automatically reimburse their
medical pay uh medical hospital bills
and that creates synergy with a AI um AI
app which they just rolled out called
AQ. So AQ has 30 million users uh every
month and that is the app where they're
hoping to use AI where they can help
people not only um at the very basic
level think of it as your personal
trainer who's asking you are you eating
the right foods are you is your blood
pressure uh at the right levels and it
goes a step further if you have
questions about your prescription about
side effects for drugs that you ordered
it can also answer those questions
what's uh more experimental right now is
is that they are creating these AI
avatars with uh doctors. So they've
worked with a thousand doctors in China
where they create their AI avatars
online and doctors who used to be only
see 20 patients can all of a sudden see
millions of people and so people are
interacting with that. Um you might be
curious about how do they train them
with the data that speaking my my
curiosity but yes go ahead.
>> So so the data quite selective it
doesn't come from online and just scrape
any data. It's uh medical records and
also uh medical research papers.
Proprietary data that the doctors have
decades of records of their own written
notes with patients, audio recordings
and even video consultations with the
patients but their identity stripped. So
that's what they think will help them
get an edge into the sector. And with
the avatars, what they can do is they do
the basic work and filter all the cases
that are not relevant. If it's really
urgent, they refer you to the doctor
themselves and then they can do
follow-up consultations as well.
>> Okay. So that's where the person comes
in. What what risks are are there?
>> Well, the biggest risk would be for any
any player in this sector uh including
the batch that started 10 10 years ago
finding a right business model. Most
companies um have failed to find a right
business model in uh online healthcare
besides selling drugs. And al Ant is
also up against other AI companies as
well like Deepseek and Tencent who are
which are also trying to expand their
expertise in the field. So it's not just
incumbent players but also the AI giants
in the sector as well.
>> Lulu, thank you so much. Uh Lulu Chen
there, as Lulu was just pointing out
there, one of the things that AI is
doing is uh reading uh doctor's
prescriptions. Good luck with that.
Okay. a reminder uh of our new online
feature, the Bloomberg video hub. If AI
can't do it, no one else will, no one
else will be able to. U subscribers can
explore live streaming, news and
interviews, uh all our uh Bloomberg TV
shows, documentaries, reporter analysis,
plus more more value ad I think is is
just to underscore that important point.
Check it out. bloomberg.com/videos.
[music]
This is the China show.
Well, in some corporate news this
morning, Alphabets raised almost $32
billion in debt in less than a day,
underscoring the massive funding rates
that we're seeing among tech giants
investing in AI. The company tapped
sterling and Swiss Frank markets with
record setting corporate bond sales
fueled by strong investor demand.
Alphabet says its capital spending this
year could climb to as much as $185
billion.
ASX shares fell in Sydney. That's after
the exchange operator announced it CEO
Helen Loft House will step down in May.
ASX says it has engaged Cornfr to help
identify the next CEO and will also
consider internal candidates. Bloomberg
Intelligence notes the resignation will
cause further disruption to the exchange
as it faces regulatory and operational
headwinds.
Ford Motor expects profit to jump in
2026. That's after being saddled with a
surprise tariff bill at the end of last
year. Adjusted earnings before interest
in taxes will be 8 to10 billion in 2026.
That's up from 6.8 billion last year.
The automaker also plans to increase
capital spending this year to as much as
$10.5 billion.
Spotify shares soared 15%. That's after
it reported adding 38 million new
listeners in the last quarter. Paid
premium subscriptions also increased 10%
to 290 million with monthly active users
reaching a new high. The music streamer
attributes the growth to its year-end
wrapped campaign and the launch of an
enhanced free tier.
Uh speaking of free almost there if you
think about the the large lack of uh
upward pressure in prices uh that we've
seen right so in fact just softer on the
CPI print and as you can see that's a
decline from the previous month and just
to underscore the point that Morgan
Stanley uh they joined us on the show
shortly after the data came out and they
said you know what there's really just a
lack of demand side inflationary
pressure uh that's coming through uh
commodity prices might be some a
different story when you look at the PPI
numbers coming through but that has to
do with more globalwide uh phenomenon
and forces at work because of sort of
debasement dd dollararization trends
pushing up commodity prices that's just
to say the bond markets are reacting as
you would expect to softer CPI prices
coming through um out of the Chinese
mainland and as you can see that rally
is taking place at one point we were
close to taking out 1.8% 8% certainly a
level we'll be tracking obviously in the
coming days and weeks here the Chinese
10ear yield uh very quickly uh net ease
uh so we talked about smiC and that
earnings story that come out and that
earnings miss and adverse reaction in
the markets net east is coming out with
earnings in a couple of hours so my
timing
>> [snorts]
>> uh guidance suggests that that's before
US markets open up so stay tuned for
that apart from these two things
earnings MCI of course coming out with
lots of changes to their benchmarks
effective Feb 27 end of the month and
you can check that out of course on the
index compilers website also on the
bloomber terminal. Hangen Tech though
just to say is outperforming the broader
gauge which is also quite doing well. Uh
half of 1% to the upside as we enter the
last 60 minutes of the morning session
here in Hong Kong. Last 30 minutes uh on
shore MEI China five chance of 1% to the
upside. Yes, still a stronger currency a
softer dollar uh all things equal. We're
all old roads lead to on a macro basis
the jobs report coming through on Friday
which will inform us perhaps even
[music] better hopefully of the path of
the Fed in 2026. That's it from us here
on the China show today. We will see you
[music] all tomorrow. Plenty more ahead
on Bloomer television.